Arty's testing the cold steel pocket
Bushmen non nutnfancy style we're not
going to be torquing working the blade
like he's going to 90-degree angles we
almost met him before at the Utah guns
thank you
there's two carving first that's a solid
piece but talking through that system
straight they're ceramics probably like
six hundred to a thousand great it's
probably it's just the cheap version of
the sharp maker so there's only 20 bucks
sportsman's I find that if you keep
going lighter and lighter it doesn't
work you want to keep and you got to
keep the blade straight or it won't so
at the right angles that's pretty good
it's a pretty good
Cold Steel makes another bushcrafting
knife they call it Bushman and you can
actually put a stick in the handle it's
a fixed blade
this isn't factory edge it was actually
repro filed to a convex so that's
probably why it's not cutting wood as
well as it would but this is still going
through pretty good taking out big
chunks this knife is for trade or so so
if you're one dibs comment below
it's got probably low to medium weight
for chopping I still do
one four one one six crop whatever I
like how cold steel says our knives are
the best yeah that's kind of why I don't
respect them as a company but we don't I
still I like their knives they make
really good knives especially with the
Triad lock this Ram works really good
too but I like cold Steel's close and
see if I can break it
that was pretty cool now but on this
piece of wood is really really solid so
the RAM lock you almost you almost need
a lanyard on it to be able to open and
close it efficiently maybe we shouldn't
be talking a normal 2x4 tried batoning
something else same amount of play ed
before just it's not that no it's over
now it's solid just had to readjust the
lock pretty much with this knife please
intended to do based on the name doing
really good I'll check cross
that's pretty good no blade play at all
they had some before the test and now it
doesn't it's pretty weird see if it's
doing all right but it's about all you
need it's not the greatest but sharp so
it did good just not it's just not very
sharp right now and there's a size
comparison see our KTM 21 that's another
really common knife here's the rat rat
one the cutting edge is almost the same
but overall it has about an inch on it
it's a big knife I think that's one more
time
this knife on both these knives our
first trade or sell all these and all
these or we'll put a link in our
comments or something and we'll drag you
over to our video of our trade or sale
but comment
subscribe do whatever you want